Relays terminate QUIC connections (#538)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

(CDNs). Additionally, relays serve as policy enforcement points by
validating subscribe and publish requests at the edge of a network.

> Relays are MoQ endpoints, which means they terminate the underlying QUIC
> connections in order to have visibility of MoQ Object metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relays are MoQ endpoints, which means they terminate the MoQ session
in order to have visibility of MoQ Object metadata.
```
